Hey. Hey.
Mmm-wah!
Over 87.000.
The numbers are still growing.
and it's only 2:00.
87.000 chat rooms?
That's doubled since yesterday.
And tomorrow. we'll triple that.
God damn. sweet Lord! My wife is hot!
She's gonna bring the world to its knees.
It's all about the platform you're using.
The AI creates thousands of rooms.
and then floods the algorithm.
And to think we only used
to do 100 transactions a day.
Now it's 100.000.
So. if you multiply that by 12.000 won.
that's 1.2 billion won a day!
SEND 400.000 WON
-Okay…
-Send it already?
Whoa. what the fuck?
What are you doing here?
-Trying to scare me?
-What do you think?
-I'm a detective. Your move.
-I don't have time for this shit.
Aah!
You slapped me!
Hands!
You fucking pig!
I said gimme your hands.
Didn't your mother teach you manners.
idiot? What's wrong with you?
-Shame on you.
-Oh!
Ow!
You shouldn't have resisted.
If you'd given me your hands.
I wouldn't have hit ya.
-Thanks!
-You're so cool!
Welcome back. boss.
You did your time with honor.
-Where's Jae-chun?
-Jae-chun. boss… is still in China.
Everyone else got scared.
The only ones left are us three.
Hmm.
While I was inside.
I heard this punk named Do-jun
took over Incheon.
He didn't just take over.
he changed the whole company!
A new drug has come out.
and that prick is mopping up
all the money and lining his pockets.
I think we should visit this thief…
And very politely get acquainted.
-Who?
-From Incheon. Yong-gang.
He said that if I told you.
you would know.
Incheon? Yong-gang?
He wants to say hello very politely.
Huh.
Who's that?
This is Sector Two.
Do-jun just left the building.
Let's see where he's going.
Wait.
He said what now?
Uh…
Um…
Just say it one more time.
He said. "Who's that?"
Yong-gang of Incheon
goes in there as a gentleman.
And what does he do?
He said. "Who's that?"
You don't know who we are?
I'll show you who we are!
You're sure?
The… drug ring is up there?
Absolutely.
Their headquarters are inside.
Where are all the…
We're still in Songdo. right?
This area's been redeveloped.
Boss. wait.
Please take this just in case.
I won't need it.
I'm Yong-gang.
Hmm.
Aah.
I'm here to see Do-jun.
Do you have an appointment.
or should I make one?
Uh…
Hmm.
Ahem. Well. um…
I'm here to see Do-jun. Miss.
-Your name. please?
-Hmm?
I need to know your name.
Oh. it's Kim Yong-gang.
-Kim Yeongo-gwango.
-Oh. no. no. it's not "Yeongo-gwango."
-Yong-gang. It's Yong-gang.
-Ah!
"Yong" like "young" without the U.
"Gang" like "gangster."
Kim Yong-gang.
Is that right. sir?
-Yeah.
-You're all set. then.
Mr. Do-jun is in a meeting at the moment.
but please wait over there.
Thank you.
Aah.
I was curious to see the new blood
who took over Incheon while I was gone.
Do you… know who I am?
I was told you're Yeongo-gwango.
It's not Yeongo-gwango. it's Yong-gang!
No Yeongo. no gwango.
Calm down. calm down.
-It was just a mistake. Mr. Yeongo.
-It's not…
Aah!
Yong-gang. sir.
Incheon is my territory.
And. while I was in prison. you were just…
Babysitting it for me.
I'm not saying I'm taking over
the whole shebang.
but. with my know-how and experience.
and your business savvy…
Forget Incheon.
We can conquer the whole city.
So let's own this town together.
-You wanna piece?
-Sit down.
-What's up with them?
-Yeah? You wanna go. huh?
Sit down!
You're not scary.
-Fucking punks!
-Keep walking.
What's funny?
-Oh. gosh…
-Oh. oh!
Yo. bro.
You just got out of prison. and this is
the first time you got your dick wet?
-Congrats. brother!
-You're touching me…
You watch too many movies. Especially
the old Westerns from the last century.
We're ready for the next meeting.
Next meeting?
-Giddyap and ride on. Yeongo-gwango!
-Let's go.
-Call me that one more…
-The town ain't big enough for both of us!
-It's Yong. like "young" without the U!
-You're done here.
And "gang" like "gangster!"
Officers!
We have all the proof we need.
Arrest them all!
Yes. sir!
Let's go!
Fucking cops. Hey. stop them!
Go! Go! In the name of the law!
In the name of the law! Go! Go!
-Watch out! Get handcuffs on them.
-Attack. attack!
-Keep them busy.
-Retreat. retreat!
-We'll hold them here.
-You guys wanna play?
Got three!
You junkie!
Are you fucking crazy?
Come here.
-Hey. are you guys okay?
-Huh?
Sh… aah!
Hey. Mr. Do-jun.
Aah!
Let me check my pockets.
Oh. not that one.
There she is.
She has your name on it.
Sure it's for me?
Oh. yes.
Ah. Okay. I'll use this.
Mmm.
Ow!
Ah. shit!
Aah…
Ooh-ooh-ooh!
You piece of shit.
Get back here. punk.
Stop him!
Ah. what a stupid asshole.
-Drop it. dummy.
-Shoot me. come on! Shoot!
If you don't drop it.
this will only get worse.
I'll take that chance.
No!
Huh?
Oh…
-Oh. shit balls.
-Hmm?
-Hand me that!
-Hey. stay still. damn it!
You're going to jail. ya little rat.
Sector two checkin' in.
-Sector one. respond. Over.
-Sector one. copy. Over.
We've been tryin'
to trap him for two days.
If we don't move now. he's gone.
We can't afford to make any mistakes.
He's here. he's here.
Hold your position.
Moving in.
No! I told you to hold.
He's getting closer.
He's taken the bait!
Repeat. he's taken the bait!
Initiating.
-Hey. Easy. It's okay.
-Don't scare him away.
Come on. baby. We're not gonna hurt you.
-This way…
-Come to Daddy.
He doesn't seem to be injured.
But let's give him
a complete checkup at the clinic.
Thank you so much.
You were amazing today. doctor.
Ah. no need to thank me.
When it's a matter of saving a life.
it's always best to work together.
Hello. friend!
Today. we'll talk about family!
Should we just go?
If you want to. Mommy. go ahead.
But I'm not going anywhere.
Okay. it's time
to do your homework.
What's more important? Homework or Daddy?
There she is!
Daddy!
Ding-dong! Who's knocking?
Sorry I'm late.
-My Yeon-ju. Daddy's sorry. How are you?
-You're kind to keep apologizing.
But I told you I have
an important consultation at…
You only have 15 minutes left.
Oh. don't be like that.
I just got here. Come on.
I mean. I haven't seen her in two weeks.
Aw… A bit more time?
Thirty minutes. Tops.
Yeon-ju. should we do
our special greeting?
-Justice…
-Will always win!
-Bad guys…
-Always get caught!
-Good is…
-Rewarded!
-Evil is…
-Punished!
Yay!
You're lucky you guys are
so amazingly cute.
-Eeh!
-And you two get along so well.
Fine. You get an extension.
I'll be back in an hour.
-Yes!
-Oh. yeah!
Oh. uh. how's the vet?
Or should I say… Dog Doctor?
Is he doing okay?
If you wanna know about my husband.
you should ask him yourself.
And the next time you show up late.
we're not waiting. Not anymore!
Aw.
Have a nice day.
She hasn't changed
since the first day we met.
All right!
Ta-da!
This is the brand you talked about. no?
You open it up…
And you can even make
video calls.
Pineapple Watch?
-This is a knockoff.
-Hmm?
My stepdad got me a real one.
A real smartwatch.
I'll use this one
to talk to you. okay. Daddy?
Just because something is new.
doesn't mean it's better.
I mean. both watches are good.
-But. um. when you have two…
-Ahem.
How was your day?
Did you catch a bad guy?
A real bad one. And I caught him.
You're the best!
Daddy. can you show me?
-What?
-Your smile.
Your killer smile.
My killer smile?
-Aah!
-Ah. you're so good!
The police spent two years
preparing to take down
this illegal synthetic drug network.
Acting on intelligence
from undercover officers.
detectives raided the gang's factory.
This gang. notorious for spreading
synthetic drugs to the younger generation
through the so-called "throwing" method.
has finally been caught.
During the raid. police discovered
several boxes of synthetic drugs
disguised as IT equipment.
It was enough for
10.000 people to use at once.
with an estimated street value
of 1.2 billion won.
The packaging also bore the mark
of a domestic drug organization.
The operation turned tense
when a hostage situation broke out.
-A suspect threatened a factory worker.
-Waoww!
And. in a very risky move…
Wssh. shh…
…the officers fired a taser
at the hostage instead of the suspect.
fully aware of the danger
to the innocent hostage.
This raises a difficult question.
Is arresting criminals considered
more important than a hostage's safety?
Is getting the "bad guy"
worth putting citizens at risk?
We must all ask. as a society.
if we're complicit.
-Oh. shit.
-Or can we hold power to account?
Jo A-ra. YTN News.
Well. that's a different spin
on the truth.
She's always been like that.
Hence the nickname "Pain in the Ass."
Don't mind her.
-Whoa. wait. Hold on.
-What?
Pain in the Ass is right there.
-Should I say something?
-No. don't.
Hmm?
What's she doing?
She's shaking that drink. Me?
-Oh. it must be for you.
-Hmm?
-Good luck.
-What do you mean. good luck? Hey!
I saw your news report.
I knew you might've felt
a bit … stung by it. so…
I got you this.
Peace offering.
I admit the news report
was a bit provocative.
But the public has a right to know.
and… keeps them engaged and aware.
So please don't be upset. Just let it go.
You did it on purpose.
I was doing my job.
Are you hurt? Let me see.
Do you still have feelings for me?
Come on. A-ra.
I was just… trying to be nice.
and you took it the wrong way.
-Whatever. I do like you. A lot!
-Stop. Stop it.
-No. don't.
-I like you. So what?
-I mean. I used to like you. A little.
-I said stop. Enough.
-A long time ago.
-Enough!
Ugh. why do you have to make this so hard?
Hmm.
Okay!
Maybe we can do lunch. hmm? Bye. now!
Wait. Did he just ask me
to go out for lunch. or what?
Choong-sik! Remember. I'm busy. huh?
Hey! Friday?
EUNKWANG ELEMENTARY
ENGLISH CONTEST
-Sorry. Thank you.
GRADE 2. CLASS 4
FAMILY OF HWANG YEON-JU
Little prick.
Are Yeon-Ju's parents here?
-Oh. yes. I'm here.
-Yes. here!
Uh.
It's okay. I'm her father.
Uh. I see. Please send her to
the waiting room when she gets here.
Sure.
Hey.
-My name is not "Hey." It's Lee Min-seok.
-I don't care what your name is. bucko.
Why are you sitting in my seat?
What do you mean. your seat?
I'm here as Yeon-ju's dad.
What are you talking about?
It says right here. "Family section."
I know what it says.
That's exactly what I'm here for.
Hello. everyone.
My name is…
Yeon-ju. are you feeling okay?
Yeah. I just have a little sore throat.
HONEY
Hi. darling. We're almost there.
How close are you?
We're near the Eunhaeng Market.
but the traffic is killer.
Oh. we also need to stop at the pharmacy.
-Yeon-ju has a cough.
-I said I'm fine!
Mom. I already told you.
Okay. stop at the pharmacy
and I'll see you soon.
It won't be long. Thanks.
GRADE 2. CLASS 4
FAMILY OF HWANG YEON-JU
-Seriously?
-"Okay." "I'll see you soon."
-That's how you talk to each other?
-Can't you sit somewhere else?
-There are plenty of seats over there.
-And I've already said no!
You know. why do you even need to be here?
Why I'm here?
My daughter's in this contest.
My wife and I are divorced.
but I haven't divorced my daughter!
Oh. sorry about that.
Sorry. guys.
But I'm her husband now.
-I'd appreciate more respect from you.
-Hah. Goddamn…
You say you want my respect?
You were born the Year of the Dog. right?
We have the same sign.
which means we're about 12 years apart.
You were starting elementary school
when I started college.
There was an elementary school
in front of my building.
I used to smoke right in front
and watch these little brats like you
filling their diapers with diarrhea.
So that story was only
to prove you're an old man?
Mmm!
-Oh. Jesus!
-Ugh. did you…
I can't believe you!
You just squeezed one out? Here?
Disgusting! What did you eat this morning?
-I'll be quick. Stay in the car.
-…help our community…
Turning differences into…
I think dancing. singing.
acting. and modeling are all connected.
They're different. but they help us.
…are factories.
Pfft.
Factories.
Clothes and factories.
Pfft. Fact…
She does this.
-Sh!
-What's taking them so long?
This is very unusual.
-Her phone is off too.
-Very unusual. my ass. Typical.
Ugh…
RESTRICTED CALLER ID
Yes. hello?
Detective Choong-sik?
Listen carefully.
I'm not going to repeat myself.
Who is it?
Sh.
Go ahead.
We have your wife and daughter.
And we have only one demand.
My husband.
Husband? What are you talking about?
Did something happen
to Si-nae and Yeon-ju?
You recently arrested my husband.
Do-jun.
Bring him back to me.
And if you tell the police.
or try anything sneaky.
your wife's fingers. tongue. and eyeballs
will be pulled out one by one.
And your daughter will be next.
I'll get in touch with the location.
Wait for my call.
Hello? Hey. hey! You there?
So what the hell is goin' on?
Listen. where was Si-nae
when you spoke earlier?
-The drugstore.
-The Eunhaeng Market.
Hey! Wait up! Tell me what's goin' on.
Si-nae and Yeon-ju have been kidnapped.
-Get out.
-I'm coming too.
I'll save my daughter.
and while I'm at it. your wife too!
So just go home and wait for my call.
No. I need to be here.
We don't have time. Stop messing around!
Si-nae is…
She's pregnant.
She's what?
She's three months pregnant.
We're having a baby soon.
I need to come too.
She's pregnant?
What are we waiting for? Let's go!
Oh. shit. Come on.
Oh. there.
Have you seen
any suspicious people here?
-Suspicious people?
-Yeah.
Not really.
There. Their car! Their car!
HWANG YEON-JU
Yeon-ju…
Uh…
Mom!
-Yeon-ju!
-Mommy!
-Put the kid in.
-Where are they taking her?
-Stay calm. Stay strong.
-Mommy!
Yeon-ju!
Oh! Si-nae.
Hold her. Hold her!
Get her up.
Let me go!
Don't...
-Son of a bitch.
-Oh. you shit!
Go. go. go. Start the car.
RESTRICTED CALLER ID
Sh…
It's Si-nae.
Oh. thank God.
-How is she?
-Sh.
Are you okay? How are you feeling?
And Yeon-ju?
Yeon-ju is okay too.
Si-nae. listen carefully.
Remember beer. soju and whisky?
Chamisul Fresh. with the red cap.
and Hallasan?
Yeah. I remember.
So. what's the situation?
It's baijiu.
-What are you guys talkin' about?
-Sh.
Listen.
Do not provoke them. at all.
Do exactly as they say.
and keep your distance.
Don't ruffle their feathers. okay?
All right.
You've heard from Miss Baijiu over here.
Okay. I'll give you
whatever it is that you want.
If you want to see
your wife and daughter again.
bring my husband back
by 9:00 p.m. tonight.
-Wait. Nine o'clock? That's a bit…
-No! Hey!
-What the hell are you doing? Stop!
-You… person!
-Just don't hurt them!
-Shut up.
-We'll do whatever you want…
-Stop talking right now!
Hey! I'll fucking kill you!
-Understand?
-Who's that?
-I'll kill you!
-Stupid dick!
-I'll fucking kill you!
-La-la-la!
-I will kill you!
-Um…
-Hello?
-It was me. Just me.
I lost my cool. Sorry.
I'll keep my end of the bargain.
But in return.
you have to guarantee their safety.
Where do you want me
to bring your husband?
Why don't you ask him yourself?
Hello? Are you there?
Hello. is this the police?
-We have a sit...
-Are you a fuckin' idiot?
If you call the police. they'll both die!
Then do somethin'.
This is all your fault.
If you didn't put the guy in jail.
we wouldn't be here.
What are you gonna do?
If you would just stop talking.
I'd be able to think for a second.
You said Do-jun was
the drug dealer you caught.
You're such a little baby.
Did someone miss their nap?
You have to stop talking down to me.
I'm 32. for Christ's sakes!
The wet behind your ears
hasn't even dried yet.
Still reading comics?
Moved on to real books?
I'm reading all the time.
What do you know?
-Dog Doctor.
-You dirty pig!
"Dirty pig?"
What? You wanna die? Huh?
You little…
Why don't you just
keep your eyes on the road?
Pain in the Ass.
So where the hell
are we going now?
The police station. idiot!
That's where the bad guys are!
INCHEON GANGBUK POLICE STATION
Do-jun goes
to the prosecutors in a few hours.
Once he's handed over. we can't touch him.
-Okay. so what's the plan?
-We get him out before that.
What do you want me to do?
Why don't you go back to your clinic
and save a stray?
We should join forces. work together
on this like a joint investigation.
What. you think this is a movie?
A joint investigation? Are you kidding me?
Hey.
Can you even drive?
I can drive better than a professional.
Climbing. paragliding…
Extreme sports are my hobby.
Good.
Okay. so I'll change the route
to a better location.
and you crash into our car.
You crash into us on purpose.
Then we get Do-jun out of there.
What do you think?
Awesome.
You tell me exactly when to hit.
I'll collide with you on an angle.
Don't worry. I'll hit the side
so no one gets hurt.
And your car will flip over
at 135 degrees. Perfect timing.
What the hell was all that?
-Why? Did I sound like I was joking?
-You tell me.
-Whoa.
-I know.
I rock climb. Do you know
how much strength that needs?
-Do you know what extreme sports are?
-Oh. you cheeky pri…
I could imagine
the extreme sports you like.
-Scrabble. yoga. ballroom dancing?
-Huh?
Anyway. get a plain car
that won't attract attention.
I have the perfect car for this operation.
-It's perfect.
-Hmm.
Wow. When's the last time
you drove a perp yourself?
Come on. I told you. I caught him.
so I should finish the job.
Boys. put on your seat belts.
Why? I don't like the chafing.
-And we're almost there.
-Put it on. man!
Okay. okay.
You too. in the back.
-Huh? Us too?
-Why? Do I have to?
Yes. You all have to.
Put on your seat belts. That's an order!
If you say so. I'll find it.
What's up with him today?
Just shut up and do it.
Don't push his buttons. It's right there.
Get a plain car
that won't attract attention.
I have the perfect car
for this operation.
-It's perfect.
-Huh?
Hey.
Oh. shi…
Zero to 100 in 8.5 seconds.
Temperature. 22 Celsius.
The van has a 60-40
front-to-rear weight balance.
Hand brake turn at 90 kilometers an hour.
Skid marks at a 37-degree angle.
Hit exactly 21 centimeters
above the back wheel.
Exactly 21 centimeters.
That's the sweet spot.
That will flip the car
at a 135-degree angle.
Mmm.
-Huh?
-What the hell?
-Holy shit. that scared the hell outta me.
-What happened?
Huh? Psst!
What?
You imbecile!
Idiot…
Oh!
Hey. hey. are you okay?
Are you hurt? Are you hurt?
Do-jun's in the back. Get him!
Ma Do-Jun.
You son of a bitch.
Do-jun! I'll fucking kill you!
-Give me your keys.
-Why? I'm okay to drive.
-You don't know this area like me. Keys.
-Ugh. Jesus.
Hey. Do-jun! I'll eat you alive!
Get back here. you bastard!
Hey! You son of a bitch! Fucking thief!
Crazy!
-Who did it?
-Oh. Chief.
Who had the guts
to ambush a transport vehicle?
We've identified the suspect as Yong-gang.
A former criminal
who just got out of prison.
-Yong-gang?
-Yes.
He just got out of jail.
and attacked Do-jun?
So this is a drug war between two gangs.
Ugh.
And who's that guy? He grabbed
Do-jun and our best detective in one go.
Who is that?
He's either with Yong-gang's gang.
or Do-jun's.
Yong-gang's gang. or Do-jun's.
Interesting.
Wait.
Mystery Man showed up in a vet's van. no?
It was a cover. A really good disguise.
Oh. a really good disguise.
-Find that guy and check him out.
-He's not in our system.
Hmm?
Stop!
This bastard must be Mr. Lee!
-Lee?
-Choong-sik caught Mr. Lee?
-That's Mr. Lee?
-The drug lord!
-Wait. what was that?
Rewind it back a bit. A little more.
Mr. Lee threw the car keys.
Choong-sik caught them.
He threw them. he caught them.
Throw… catch.
Yeah…
This is Choong-sik's genius.
The most important skill for any cop
is the ability to think on their feet.
Detective Woo. tell me…
The washing machine in the office.
Who brought it?
Choong-sik brought it.
The washing machine. the microwave…
-He also brought the spin dryer.
-That's right.
He brought all those things from home.
That means he doesn't have a home!
The situation room is his bedroom.
The interrogation room…
His den.
The break room?
-His living room?
-Bingo.
He's got nothing to lose.
Keeps charging forward like a wave.
Any obstacle. Choong-sik
has his eye on it. and he'll smash it.
Even when he was injured.
he didn't let Do-jun get away!
He kept his head and used his wits!
-Mmm.
-He's a hero. and I'm with him 100%!
HWANG CHOONG-SIK
Oh. shit.
CHIEF CHICKEN BRAIN
Nah…
-Oh my God.
-Hello?
Fuck…
-Jesus.
-Hello?
This is Gray Owl.
Can you hear me?
Is this a bad time to talk?
Is someone else listening?
I see your plan.
I'll give you anything you need.
Just do what you need to do.
When you have a chance.
call Gray Owl's house as soon as you can.
Good luck.
So. who was that?
-He said he's Gray Owl.
-Gray Owl?
I have no fucking idea
what he was saying. Jesus…
An eye for an eye. a tooth for a tooth.
Your husband. the police officer.
locked up my husband.
So I'm returning the favor
by locking up his family.
You said one thing that was right.
but the other was wrong.
The police officer you just mentioned
is my ex-husband.
not my current one.
You have two husbands?
-Mm-hmm.
-You're a lucky woman.
-What does your current husband do?
-He's a doctor.
He was in the Special Forces.
Really?
Specializing in intelligence gathering
and counter terrorism.
He dealt with people like you all
the time. If I were you. I'd be afraid.
Special Forces. Special Defense… I don't
really care about your current husband.
But what intrigues me is
you don't seem to get along with your ex.
So he might not come to save you.
Well…
That's possible.
But he will come to catch you.
You don't know who you're dealing with.
Hey. who was it that hit
the transport earlier today? One of yours?
Well. maybe… maybe not.
Better tell me the truth.
or I'll crack you!
Why so aggro? How am I supposed to know?
There's lots of crazy bastards
who want me dead.
Hold on.
-He's lying.
-What?
Humans and animals are all alike.
Some people look like deer. like me.
And some people look
like angry monkeys. like you.
-Hmm…
-Look. Look at his eyes now.
-Hmm?
-His pupils are going cuckoo.
He's lying. I told you.
What animal is he?
A dog.
He's a dog. but he thinks he's a wolf.
-What about the tongue?
-He's probably thirsty.
-The ear scratching?
-He doesn't want to listen to us.
Bad dog.
Down! Stay down.
Don't make me muzzle you. punk.
I don't think you have time for this.
So sad.
Because I know my wife planned
all of this. and news flash…
If something happens.
your family goes dodo!
Okay. tell us. Where do we go?
Where's my wife and daughter?
You can't find it on the GPS.
I'll show you the way.
I'll be your human GPS.
There's a speed camera
ahead. Stop. We're in a school zone!
He's literally insane.
Careful. there's an accident ahead.
You better stay in the car!
Stop that.
-Oh!
-Fucking annoying…
-Ooh-hoo!
-All right.
-Hey. what's this? Wait. wait…
-It's an anti-bark collar.
-Ah! Too tight! Too tight!
-Anti-bark?
We use them on strays.
So. where are they?
Where are they keeping Yeon-ju and Si-nae?
Okay. okay.
-It's…
-Hey. hey.
Whoa. whoa!
It worked.
-How many times?
-Wait. You still there?
-What's Choong-sik's movement?
-We're still checking.
-We're checking.
-You've been checking an hour.
-Any leads from the CCTV?
-It's a lot of footage.
-No one's seriously injured.
-Get the rest of the team here.
-I'll call.
-Yes. Hmm?
-Rookie. come here.
-Uh. yes. sir?
What time was
the accident caught on CCTV?
-4:35 P.M.
-Aah.
Hey. what's goin' on in there?
You can't be here.
This is a restricted area.
Oh. I know.
So. a police van
transporting a criminal was attacked.
Do-jun and Choong-sik are both missing.
But is there...
I know that it's all
part of Choong-sik's plan.
Am I right?
No. You got it all wrong. Now. leave.
-This is an obstruction of justice. Go!
-I'm totally right! Wait.
-One minute. I'll be quiet. I promise.
-Just let us do our job.
Do-jun and Choong-sik have disappeared
and have gone rogue.
Aah.
Involved in the scoop of the century?
This is why I like you so much.
Aw…
-Hey!
-Hey. You see that?
I got your husband out.
I'm not talking to you.
-Put the real husband on.
-Who?
Put the legally registered
husband on the phone.
Oh! Uh. uh…
Yes. I'm the real husband.
Uh. can you see him now?
Oh. baby. are you okay?
I'm peachy-peach. How are you?
It's only been two days. But look at you.
You've lost so much weight.
-It actually looks good.
-I know. right? My jawline's more defined.
Will you guys cut your bullshit?
So. since you've both said hi.
can I please see my daughter?
-Oh! Yeon-ju!
-Here. let me talk to her.
-Daddy! Daddy!
-Hold it still. Yeon-ju!
Your real dad is here.
-I'll save you. A little bit longer. okay?
-Daddy! Daddy!
-Yeon-ju. don't cry. We're coming.
-Daddy!
Just hang on a little longer.
Oh. Si-nae. Don't worry.
We're on our way. Just a little longer.
Stay strong. Hang in there. Don't worry.
The terms have changed.
There's a place you need to go first.
before you come here.
But I got Do-jun out of prison.
just like you asked!
I didn't have the luxury of taking
my time. so I couldn't bring Nabi.
Oh. my gosh! How could you not bring Nabi?
It's worth a fortune.
That's why you need to get it.
-What the hell are you talking about?
-You. shut your mouth!
If you want to save your kid
and your wife. do as I say.
-Otherwise. your family is dead.
-Hey!
-See you later. honey!
-God damn it!
Un-fucking believable…
-You.
-Oh!
If she so much as touches my kid.
or in any way hurts my family.
you're dead!
Hmm.
My first goal was to take out Do-jun
and rebuild the organization.
but that meddling detective
got in the way.
-Boss…
-Yeah?
I'm trying to understand
the equation in the middle.
Is it Euler's Formula?
Man-gi.
Just draw it. okay?
-Just draw it exactly like that.
-You got it. boss.
It worked out for the best.
Both Do-jun and that detective…
I had to deal with them sooner or later.
Here. boss.
-I finished the drawing.
-Great.
Hmm…
Nice work. Man-gi.
Now. just get a camera
and take a picture of it.
Oh. a camera…
Boss!
I found the animal hospital van.
Guys. nice to see you're working hard.
I'm the lead detective.
Oh. yes. sir!
So. what can we do for ya?
You're working hard.
Have you guys eaten yet?
-We ordered something. Be here soon.
-Oh. come on.
Takeout won't
fill up growing boys like you.
Go get some samgyetang with this.
My treat.
I just need to check something inside.
I'll be quick. Here.
-Really?
-You know what?
Get yourself a double portion.
Throw in some jeonbok while you're at it.
-Thank you. sir!
-No prob.
-Okay. let's go.
-Eat slowly.
Wait a second.
What?
Sir. can we bring something back for you?
Ah. you're sweet!
No. I… I already ate.
so don't worry about me.
-Thank you!
-Have fun!
Now. Quick. this way. Come on.
One. two. three.
That's enough.
Close it behind you.
Get back here. fucker.
Help us with this. Ugh. shit…
The cops took everything.
There's nothing left.
You think the police
just confiscated everything?
Nabi is right here.
-Hmm?
-Whoa.
Password?
♪ Nabi. one… ♪
-What the…
-♪ Nabi. two… ♪
What's happening here?
-♪ Come. fly. meet me over here ♪
-You're scaring me.
-Get down from there.
-♪ Yellow butterfly so high ♪
-♪ Show me how you sing and dance ♪
-Do you know what's going on?
-No idea.
-♪ Spring breeze. birdsong… ♪
♪ Thank you. thank you. Nature ♪
-♪ And the birds go "Chirp-chirp-chirp" ♪
-Jesus Christ!
♪ Singing. singing the whole long day! ♪
All right. let's see.
What's that?
-Whoa!
-No way.
-Whoa.
-This is my baby.
The AI program called Nabi.
A graphics processing unit or a GPU.
Have you heard about it?
-I guess not.
-Okay.
Hand it over.
Uh…
No more fun and games. Hand it over.
Hmm…
Seeing how
you risked your life to get this.
must be pretty expensive.
Well. if I had
to put a price on it. I'd say…
A hundred billion won.
A hundred billion?
You hear that?
Yeah. I did.
So. it's real. You were right. boss.
I knew something was in there.
Stop fidgeting.
Who's that?
They've been following us all day.
What?
Look. that guy there.
Oh. it's Yeongo-gwango.
No. it's not.
That's Dookie-gang.
Who? Who's Dookie-gang?
-A boss I caught.
-What?
When I caught him.
he was hiding in a septic tank.
We called him Dookie-gang.
But why is that bastard following us?
-Wait! That's the guy who rammed into me.
-What?
He came to me and asked to run
the organization. but I ignored him.
He must be trying to kill me
because we turned him down. He's crazy!
Oh. shit. Dog Doctor?
-Turn.
-Right now?
Now!
-Go. Follow them. Go!
-Yeah!
Don't lose them. Keep going.
Dog Doctor.
what about all your extreme sports?
Where's your 135-degree shit? Do it!
What?
Whoa!
Oh. shit.
-That was cool.
-Not bad.
Hey. look ahead! Stop the car! Stop!
Jesus!
Sorry about that.
-Turn around. idiot. Turn the wheel!
-I got it. boss!
I'll show you extreme sports.
Pass me the wheel down there.
-The wheel's right there.
-No. there's another one.
Another one?
Look at that!
What? You can pull that out?
Whoa!
Hold on to somethin'.
Level one drift.
Whoa!
Oh. shit.
Um. sh… shouldn't you have turned left?
It's fine. it's fine.
Don't be nervous. Ram.
-Show them.
-Show them. Rambo.
-Show them what you're made of!
-Come on!
-Show them! Come on!
-Show them!
-Eeh!
Huh?
What was that?
I beeped.
What are you doing?
I told you to raise the stakes!
-Stop beeping! Show them who's boss!
-Stop!
Don't let them push you around!
Come on!
Ah!
They're getting away!
Bastards…
Floor it. Rambo.
Push them out of the way!
Rambo…
Whoa. whoa. whoa. careful!
-The wall! The wall! Stop! The wall!
-No! No! No!
-We're gonna crash! Don't crash!
-Watch it!
Rambo!
A wall!
There's a wall there! A wall!
Watch out!
I totally thought we'd crash!
Time to get rid of them. once and for all.
Here we go again.
-Aah!
-Don't yell at me!
-Move! Back up! Follow them!
-Go!
Back up!
Step on it! Faster!
Go. go! Hit the gas!
Hey. hey. hey! A cat! Cat! Whoa!
-What do we do?
-Watch it! Hey!
No. no. no! Don't kill it. it's too cute!
Poor thing!
Whoa. Holy shit!
-What just happened? Hey!
-Did we just drive on the wall?
If this were a stick.
I'd really have shown you my skills.
Hold on tight.
Shifting into level two drift.
-Whoa!
-Stop!
Ah!
Whoa!
-What?
-Huh?
You're too close to the wall!
Damn you. Dog Doctor.
Everyone okay? Come on. Let's go.
Damn you. steering wheel.
You okay?
-Ah!
-Oh. sh…
-Hey!
-Fucker! Hey!
Come back. Do-jun!
Come back here!
Hey! Follow him!
Hey!
You're not getting away!
-Huh?
-Hey… You!
-Gah!
-Shit!
Gah!
Oh. oh. oh!
Catch that guy!
Gotcha! Who the hell are you?
-Huh?
-Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-Everyone! Split up! Take a corner!
-Shit!
Sh!
Shit.
I'm so fucking tired.
-Hey. did you see him?
-No. you went after him first.
-Ugh. where the hell is he?
-Did he go this way?
What was that?
Do-jun!
Stop running. you rat!
Was that a gunshot?
-Follow me.
-Oh. oh!
Fuck.
Ah. shit. Goddamn.
End of the line.
Hey. Mr. Yeongo…
-It's Yong-gang!
-Yes. of course. Yong-gang!
-You piece of shit.
-Sorry.
But this thing I'm holding is
really. really expensive.
You can't buy this anywhere.
even if you wanted to.
It's all yours. Take it!
-Tell me…
-Yeah?
Do you know who I am?
-What?
-Do you know who I am?
Ah… Oh! Of course I heard about you…
I mean. how could I not hear
about the great Yeongo-gwango?
-Then why make fun of it?
-That's just me being… charming?
-Being charming. or an asshole?
-Well. I'm trying to work on both. see?
The asshole comes first. then the charm!
Oh. shit.
I am Yong-gang of Incheon.
And you're a loser.
Oh.
Oh. Is that blood?
Uh. is that Do-jun? That's him. right?
I think so. Shit.
Hey. are you there?
-Not yet. Just a little more!
-Whoa.
-What about now?
-I just got here!
Do-jun! Hey. wake up. hey.
-Alive. or not?
-What do I do?
-Oh!
-Alive. or not?
Yeah! He seems to be breathing.
so that's good!
Okay. Doc.
we still have to deliver the package.
No matter what.
we have to get him there in one piece!
All right.
Okay. pull him up now.
Do-jun. don't you die on me. Okay?
Don't worry. I'll be fi...
-Stay with me! Can you hear me?
-Yeah. I can hear you…
What was that?
Hang in there a little longer.
Oh…
What the hell?
There's somethin' in the way.
Hey. you need to stay conscious!
Do-jun. snap out of it!
Ah!
You're rounding up
the other boys. right?
They've all heard
you're finally out. boss.
The gang from the old days
are gathering from all over the country.
By the way. boss…
you have the Nabi thing? The AI program?
Why would I bother with that?
Well. it's worth
a hundred billion won. boss.
A hundred billion?
Not a thousand won?
Isn't a GPU like. uh…
Like a USB stick. or something?
What the hell?
Come on. boss!
You were inside for too long!
Get with the times!
Oh.
Oh!
Do-jun. Hey!
Wake up. Wake up. man.
We need to get the bullet out.
He's bleeding.
We need to get him to a hospital.
We both know why that's not an option.
We can't.
Then what are we supposed to do?
If Do-jun dies.
Yeon-ju and Si-nae will die too.
Huh. Hey!
You can save him. You're a doctor.
I've only worked
on dogs and cats.
So what?
This guy's not human.
Just pretend he's a dog.
Okay?
-He's just another animal.
-That's right.
-Yeah!
Okay.
let's take his jacket off.
Great. You can do this.
Use that to support his head.
-What's this?
-It's a paragliding suit. All right.
This isn't a human being. It's a dog.
-A large dog.
-A Doberman.
This is dog surgery. Dog surgery.
You got this.
-Scalpel.
-Huh?
-Scalpel!
-Oh. the knife.
Wow… Whoa. shit…
Wow…
We have to stitch him up now.
Hold this down for me. Here.
Hey! Hurry. and hold this down.
Okay. okay.
I'm holding. I won't look.
There we go.
Wha… what's happening?
Why is he like this all of a sudden? Hey!
Do-jun. what's wrong?
What's wrong. Doc? Hey. hey!
-Holy shit!
-He's going into shock.
-No! Hey. Do-jun! You can't die!
-One. two. three. four.
-You have to live. bastard!
-Mouth-to-mouth.
-Huh?
-Mouth-to-mouth. come on! Hurry up!
Huh? Shit.
Give me room! Elevate the head.
Okay. don't die on me. Don't die!
Try it now.
-One. two. three. four. One. two. three.
-Do-jun!
Breathe. you little punk!
-Stop for a second.
-Huh?
-Hold this here and press down hard.
-Like this?
One. two. three.
Ooh! Ouch!
Oh!
-Oh!
-Again.
One. two. three!
Look! Whoa. whoa!
-He's alive! Alive!
-What?
Breathe! Good job. good job.
-Keep on breathing!
-You need a transfusion. You need blood.
What's your blood type? Hey!
-What?
-O?
B…
-Oh. B?
-Or A?
B. B…
Huh? AB?
B… I told you
a thousand times. type B…
What's your blood type?
-What's yours again?
-Not type O!
Jesus Christ…
Hey. boss. I think he's still alive.
The cop must've taken him.
Along with that cube
worth a hundred billion won.
-Chief.
-From his call log?
-Yes.
-Take a look at this.
This is footage from a security camera.
-The black sedan and the van?
-Detective Woo.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Maybe Choong-sik. Do-jun. and Yong-gang…
Are on the same side.
No. not Choong-sik. He would never...
You'd be surprised.
Choong-sik might've been turned. maybe.
-You.
-Yes. sir.
Find me that animal hospital van.
On it.
Seriously. what the hell
is this guy up to?
-Current husband?
-Yes. ex-husband?
I have a question.
I'm just curious. Can I ask you something?
Can you tell me how you met Si-nae?
Kind of like this. you know?
-I met her while treating her dog.
-Her dog?
THERE ARE NO BAD DOGS
We never lived with a dog.
It was the first day my clinic opened.
Si-nae was my very first customer.
I guess she found
an injured stray dog on the street.
Everyone else just walked past it.
But not Si-nae.
She came into my clinic.
carrying the bleeding dog in her arms.
Her eyes filled with tears.
And then…
I guess
that's when I fell in love with her.
Because love is
like a car accident.
Wait. you're saying
love hits you like a car?
That's not what I meant.
Love hits you. and in a second.
it changes you forever.
Ironic. She was always nagging me to be
more careful. avoiding car accidents.
And now. she caused one herself.
Hey.
-Slowly.
-Be careful. We'll help you.
What?
Am I supposed to thank you now?
Dog Doctor saved a human.
Thank you. doctor.
I was listening to your blab-a-thon…
Uh. and I finally understand
the story between you two!
-What?
-So. you're the ex-husband.
And you're the current husband.
-He's laughing at us.
-Ow!
Okay. so. how did a drug dealer
end up with a woman like that?
Or… how does someone like you
meet such a pretty and smart woman?
How?
You're curious about my story?
-Technology…
-We were from different worlds.
It's changing how we think.
She was an IT expert
who studied in the US.
Is anyone listening
to what I'm saying?
Fuck!
-Who's in charge here? Are you?
-You can't do this here.
-Get the fuck out of my way!
-No. no. sir. you can't...
When she first saw me. my future wife said
she felt an adrenaline rush.
A seed of a dangerous
and perfect crime was taking root.
That was the moment
she awakened to her true nature.
Oh…
I've started these from scratch. huh?
We have Cocoa Taxi Service.
Cocoa Flower Delivery.
Why can't we have Cocoa Vitamins Service?
All I want is
to use your network. that's it.
And I'll teach you
my innovative marketing technique.
How much do you make from that?
Cocoa Vitamins.
How would I know?
I mean. we can't call it
Cocoa Drugs. right?
And why not?
We can do it together. Cocoa Drugs.
-There he is. I can see him.
-He's right there!
Do-jun. what are you doin'?
You're making my job very hard.
There you go. ruining the mood.
I'll see you again. Soon.
Hey. get him!
-Stop!
-This way!
Stay where you are. fucker!
Get his hands!
I won't forget you.
Heart! Heart! Ah. take your hands off me…
Get in.
Oh. shoot.
Stay off drugs. and don't ever
get caught by the police again.
Then…
I'll make us very rich.
Let's go.
Here.
You met your ex-husband
at the Taereung Training Center?
Mm-hmm. He was a wrestler.
and I was into judo.
And your current husband? Special Forces?
I was bullshitting.
Oh!
Wow. this girl has quite a bite.
And what about your husband?
Well…
My husband is…
…always reliable.
Hmm…
He knows how to fight too.
My ex-husband can fight better.
Oh. finally. my husband's here.
Your husband's here?
-Huh?
-Huh! Mmm!
You sure? This is the place?
Huh? What the fuck?
What's going on here?
-Shit!
-Hey. slow down!
Si-nae. Oh. no! Wait!
Holy shit!
Come on! Wake up!
What the hell happened here?
What is this? Huh?
You! You double-crossed us.
What the hell happened here?
Tell us. Tell us now!
I know as much as you guys!
Hmm.
Hmm?
Detective Choong-sik?
Is this Yong-gang?
Yeah. the Yong-gang you locked away.
That expensive doohickey.
you still have it?
Oh… we have it. Why?
If you wanna see your wife and daughter.
bring it to warehouse three
at Yeonan Pier.
Oh…
-Shit!
-Oh…
I'll give you an hour.
That doesn't give us enough time.
you piece of shit!
Is Do-jun. the thief. there?
I hear you came back from the dead.
You have a charmed life.
Your wife is here. too.
If you want to see her again.
join the party.
And I'll give you a little dance lesson.
-Hello? Hello?
-Hey! Hey!
-If he touches my wife. I'll kill him!
-Son of a bitch!
-Hold on. What do we do? Huh?
-Just let me think for a minute.
-What's the plan now?
-Just give me a second to figure it out!
-Move!
-What?
-Come back here!
-Where are you going?
We've managed to identify
the veterinarian. Min-seok. Age. 32.
He's the current husband
of Detective Choong-sik's ex-wife.
-They got married four years ago.
-Current husband?
It appears that Choong-sik.
bribed by the drug ring.
dragged the current husband into the case.
They say druggies
even use their own kids as bait.
He dragged his wife's husband into this?
-Why are you still here?
-Pardon?
Hurry and find them now!
Let's move out. boys. Let's go. Go. go!
DAD. I LOVE YOU
EUNKWANG ELEMENTARY
ENGLISH SPEECH CONTEST
SOS HWANG YEON-JU. SHOW LOCATION
Huh?
Oh.
Oh. I won!
Oh! I won again.
Dog Doctor. you're out.
This is as far as you go.
What are you talking about?
I'm not leaving you guys. No way!
Yong-gang wants Do-jun and me.
Consider yourself lucky he doesn't know
you exist. Your path ends here.
We need each other to save our family.
We've come too far.
One mistake and it's over!
You did everything you could.
But it's time to pack it in.
-You're telling me to go home?
-One of us needs to get through this.
I know.
We live together or die together.
Min-seok. thank you…
You've done so much. Bring it in.
Come here. We're friends. right?
Yeah. We're in this togeth...
Sh. sh.
-Here. Hand him over.
-Careful.
HWANG CHOONG-SIK
Listen. Everyone!
-Choong-sik.
-Listen!
-Hurry.
-Choong-sik's calling.
Gray Owl.
this is the situation.
My ex-wife and kid have been kidnapped.
I broke Do-jun out to save my family.
But Yong-gang got involved.
And things got complicated.
Do me a favor. Just give me three hours.
I'll sort everything out.
Choong-sik.
You can't do this by yourself.
That's madness.
Just give us your location.
A text message will be sent to you
in three hours.
If you don't hear from me by then.
send in the SWAT team right away.
You'll find the location in the text.
I order you to report your location now!
Chief. this is a matter of life and death.
The smallest mistake
could ruin everything.
You're saying
you're gonna handle Yong-gang alone?
Yeah. I can do this. Chief.
I know what you can do.
But this is Yong-gang. the ruthless
criminal you locked up ten years ago!
And I'm Choong-sik.
You're starting to hurt my feelings.
Don't you trust me?
You have our support.
You're Detective Choong-sik.
If you can't do it. then who can?
I'm counting on you. Gray Owl.
I...
-Detective Woo.
-Sir.
-Detective Park.
I don't know about anyone else here.
but I definitely trust Choong-sik.
He may be a pain in the ass…
-Hmm?
…but he's actually quite the gentleman.
-And we all respect him a lot.
-Mmm.
-Right?
-Yes. sir!
All right! Three hours from now.
we'll receive his message.
and send in SWAT.
-Understood?
-Yes. sir!
-Stay alert!
As a woman. you clearly know
how a mother feels.
I do understand.
Every time I see Yeon-ju. I think. "I'd
love to have a daughter just like her."
I'd like that one day.
It isn't too late.
But you need to help us.
Excuse me. Hey. you!
My… stomach hurts.
Um. can I go to the washroom?
I really have to go.
You know. I'm hungry too!
Um. I'm not hungry. my stomach hurts.
It's… it's an emergency.
Please.
Okay…
-What?
-Over here.
-Huh? What? What?
-Please untie me.
-Untie me quickly. My stomach hurts.
-Just do your business here.
-There's a kid!
-Just poop!
-Keep going.
-How? How can I poop in here?
-What? How? I don't know!
-Huh?
-Everyone just shut up!
-A little more. baby…
Wh… what is that?
Yah!
-Mommy!
-Get out of here! Run!
Yeon-ju. hurry. run! Get away!
-Mommy!
-You don't have a lot of time!
-Please. just go!
-Get away!
-Hide. Stay safe!
-Stop kicking me!
-Hey. you!
-Keep running. Yeon-ju!
Get back here!
Hey! Let me go!
Gotcha!
Oh!
-Yeon-ju?
-Who are you?
-I'm your auntie.
-My what?
Actually. no. Um… Your future stepmom.
Stepmom?
Are you hurt?
Auntie… I mean. Future Stepmom.
Please save my mother.
She's been ho staged.
-Really? Where?
-In that warehouse.
Little girl!
-Sh. sh.
-You're a good girl. right?
-Sh.
-Where are you hiding?
Oh. Come on. follow me.
Sh. This way.
Stay warm. and wait here.
I'm gonna check where they're keeping
your mom and come right back.
You have to save my mother.
Future Stepmom.
Don't you worry. This stepmom
is great at saving.
Little girl!
Where are you?
Playing hide-and-seek?
Little girl? I give up. Come out now!
Huh?
Hey. asshole!
You're going the wrong way!
Oh! What?
Huh?
Here we go…
Who are you?
I am who I am.
You piece of shit. let's fuck things up!
Come over here!
I'm gonna kick your ass.
Whaddya got? Huh?
Okay. Let's get this over with.
I haven't had my lunch!
Come on. let's dance!
Oh. shit…
Huh?
What the hell? Yeon-ju's watch turned on.
Wait a second. It's not warehouse three.
It's an ambush.
YEONAN PIER 3
So. what's the plan?
I'll take the right.
You take the left.
Okay.
You up for this?
-It's just two guys.
-Yeah. Bert and Ernie.
What?
Oh!
-How'd you find us?
-Seriously?
-Warehouse three is a trap.
-No!
-Huh?
-Here. look.
Yeon-ju's watch turned on again.
-Ah. shit. He played us like a fool.
-Oh. this son of a bitch.
This Yeongo-gwango bastard's
gonna feel my thunder.
-Do-jun. wait.
-Huh?
Remember what I said.
The most important thing
in a kidnapping is what?
-The hostages' safety.
-Okay.
It's not the safety of the hostages.
it's our family's safety.
Huh.
Let's go.
Yeon-ju!
-Honey!
-Si-nae!
Oh.
The hell is this?
-What the…
-Wh…
Hello.
-Oh…
-Fuck.
Oh. it's cold in here.
Long time no see. Detective Choong-sik.
Dookie-gang. you ugly shit.
Where are Si-nae and Yeon-ju?
You hurt them. and we'll kill ya.
Hmm. Conserve your energy.
Well. Detective Choong-sik.
you haven't changed a bit.
Huh? You're still the same.
Your ugly face still makes me
wanna puke every time I see it.
Huh?
Old friend.
You shouldn't treat me this way.
I even got food sent to you
when you were inside.
That shit? Those little nuggets?
Those measly little cardboard scraps?
That's what you call food? Huh?
You were mocking me.
When I was inside.
I kept on thinking on how I'd crush you.
Many nights I thought about it.
And then. one cold winter day…
I had a revelation.
"He should freeze before he dies."
Man-gi!
What the hell's goin' on?
You'll see. You'll see.
-There we go.
-Oh!
You can freeze to death now. huh?
-Sh…
-Oh. wait a second.
Freezing to death isn't enough for you.
Imagine how cold I felt
in that cramped prison cell!
With only a warm blanket of revenge!
What should I do? Huh?
Oh. yeah! I should put
a plastic bag over his head. no?
But why?
-Hold on. now!
-No. please. Just. just… just wait. wait!
-Stop! Please. you can't!
-You're making a mistake!
Try freezing to death in a plastic bag.
you righteous cop.
Hey. why me? Why me?
Collateral damage. motherfucker.
-Hey! You prick!
-Let's go.
Let the other guy go!
-Dookie-gang! Please!
-Come back! I swear to God!
Stop! Stop this!
You bastard!
Current husband. where are you?
I can't see you.
Where are you? I can't breathe…
Take off your shoes. Take them off.
-What? My shoes?
-Yeah. Take them off.
Okay. Where are you?
You there? Oh. sorry. sorry.
Try this. Breathe out. Huh!
-My face?
-Where is it?
-My face. Here…
-Okay. I found it. Open your mouth.
-What are you gonna… Ugh!
-Your mouth. that's it!
Open it up. Open your mouth. Wider!
Open!
That's it! Yeah. yeah.
Bite the sock! Bite it with your teeth.
Ah! Shit! My toe. my toe!
Just try to be gentle!
That's it. Pull it.
Yeah! Yeah!
Where's your face?
Open your mouth. Wider. wider.
Open it. open… That's it.
Aah! Stay still.
-Ow!
-That's it. That's it. One. two…
-Oh! Oh!
-Yeah!
Do me!
Do me! Do me! Come on!
-Hurry! Do it for me!
-Where is it? Your face. your face…
What? What's wrong?
Oh. your foot stinks.
Is that really important?
Open your mouth!
Here. bite it! Oh!
-Yeah! We did it!
-Hurry!
-Give me your face. Stop moving.
-Not quite. Ow! Shit!
-Almost there. Here.
-Yeah.
-Not there! That's my nostril. idiot! Ow!
-Keep it open!
I'm in! I got it. I got it!
Oh!
Let go of me!
Let go of me right now!
Get your hands off of me!
You jerk! Let me go!
-Tell your goons to let me go!
-Release me!
-Big mistake! I'm a well-known reporter!
-You won't get away with this!
Hey! If you want to run a legitimate
business. you need media connections.
You can't live in this world
without social rules.
Keep her still.
-How long you been a reporter?
-Eight years.
I'm in crime and social affairs.
-Eight years is pretty short.
-No. it's not!
Ugh. I know a lot of cops
and very expensive lawyers.
-Ooh!
-Scary lawyers!
I even know a chief prosecutor!
Ooh. chief big shot!
I know 20 or more.
around this whole country.
Uh-huh…
-I can be a great asset.
-I don't care!
You think I'd trust a cop's wife
and a damn reporter?
I'd rather give myself an enema. Fuck off!
Huh?
What? What?
Huh? Huh? Hey! What's wrong?
What's going on?
Whoa! Whoa!
Wait!
They're falling!
Watch out! Ah! Ah! Can't see!
Oh! What?
What are you doing?
Why are you biting me?
What the hell is going on?
-Uh!
-What?
I'm not a human right now. I'm a dog.
And when a dog sees a rope.
he must chew it!
Keep going. that's right.
Yeah. keep biting…
That's it. Right there.
Yes! Oh! What?
Well done. You did it.
You were such a good boy. Oh!
Good boy. good boy! Let's go!
Uh. you bastards!
Move! Let me try!
Hold on.
Is there anything we can use?
Hey. hey. here. Take this.
You're taller. so use this one.
-What happened?
-Ow! I got an electric shock.
-A shock!
-Wait. Move out of the way.
I told you.
Hold on. Watch yourself.
Ow!
-Ah! Ow!
-Let me try.
So. this little cube
is worth a hundred billion?
It's not a little cube.
It's a complex AI program.
you ignorant jackass.
Hmm… Hmm?
-Oh! Sorry. sorry. I take it back!
-I heard you took over Incheon.
I thought. "There has to be someone
backing him." Who is it?
Who's backing you. fuck stick?
I told you. Nabi! It's all Nabi!
Who is this mystery Nabi?
Who the hell is it?
God damn!
If you fall asleep. you die.
I. I. I know.
But it's so… so cold in here.
-We can't fall asleep.
-No.
-Your turn to ask the question.
-Okay.
-Go ahead.
-I got one.
What's the cheapest chicken?
Um… Because it's dead?
Free-range.
Uh… free-range?
Ask another one.
Keep asking about chickens.
What… what's the…
word chickens hate the most?
Um…
Paté?
Shut your cluck. you bastard.
What did you call me?
What did the chicken referee say…
at a soccer game?
I don't wanna play anymore.
A fowl. A fowl.
A fowl.
That's good.
It's… just so fucking cold…
What you're holding
in your hand is Nabi.
Ah!
That AI program
is everything to our business.
It's actually the core.
The heart of our operation.
The heart of your operation is your AI?
I'll explain it in layman's terms.
One GPU can do 312 additions
and subtractions per second.
Wait. what?
How many additions
and subtractions per what now?
312 trillion per second.
A normal AI program
has 10.000 of those GPUs.
If there are 10.000. simply put…
312 trillion times 60 seconds?
-Times 24 hours times 60 minutes…
-Wait. just… Uh…
Times multiplied by. what again?
-Fucking donkey.
-So…
312 trillion times 60 seconds
times 24 times 60 minutes…
Okay. enough is enough! Stop multiplying.
When I got out.
I realized the world had changed.
People said to me.
"The world has changed. boss."
"So you need to change too."
But why? Why do I have to change?
Running a business
with a dumb toy like this?
Fuck! Fuck!
Do you regret it?
The divorce?
I don't regret it.
As long as… Si-nae is happy.
That's all that matters.
And plus…
I…
I like you.
I like you too… ex-husband.
We can't die…
We can't die like this!
No! Of course not!
We have to…
Save our… family!
Let's go.
Let's try one more time.
-Huh…
-One more time.
Technology's not my style.
I took care of that drug cop.
And now. Do-jun is next.
My little pretty thief.
Time to tie up loose ends.
You thieving son of a bitch.
You are
the person who made all this happen.
Or was it you? If you disappear.
everything goes back to normal.
Don't you dare touch my wife. you animal!
Did it move?
-Uh. uh. uh.
-Huh?
-It's moving. it's moving.
-You sure? Keep on it!
We should've done this
from the beginning.
You think
I've watched too many old movies?
I should start over and begin fresh?
What's your advice?
You're gonna die.
You hurt her. and I'll kill you.
Nice. I'm curious.
If you keep on talking.
do you get smarter
the more you flap that mouth?
Or should I shut it up for you?
Oh!
Whoa.
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
Get off me! Kill them already. you idiots!
Kill them all! Go!
Oh! Look out!
-Let's go.
-Hurry.
-Hang on.
-I'm out.
Ah!
So. what's my name?
You're…
Yeongo-gwango.
Stand him up. boys.
-Hey!
-Get up.
Get off of him!
Oh! Sweetheart.
Yah!
Hey!
Bring me a knife.
Hye-ran.
You little fucking thief.
Where's all your courage now?
I'm waiting for the next joke!
What the…
Huh?
Hello. Dookie-gang!
Nice to see you again.
You cocksucker!
Choong-sik! Min-seok!
The husbands are here.
Dog Doctor. do that 135 degree drift!
Okay!
We're here! Yeah!
The sheriff is in town!
-Fish!
-Look behind your back!
Look behind your back!
-Si-nae. where's Yeon-ju?
-Oh. is she with you?
She escaped!
The reporter put her in a safe place.
I saved her!
-Get that gun!
-Nice. A-ra.
-All right!
-Now let's get this party started!
He's behind you. there!
Si-nae! Wait!
-Min-seok. watch out!
-Whoa!
Fish! Protect my six.
-Dookie-gang!
-You piece of shit.
Stay here. I'll protect you.
Come here. copper!
Ooh! Ooh!
Si-nae!
Come here! Come here!
Yah!
Darling. careful!
Ooh. Ow!
Choong-sik. I'm so sick and tired of you.
Your stupid face reminds me
of the Planet of the Apes.
-The original movie or the sucky sequels?
-How dare you?
Ah!
-Oh! Ah!
-Yah!
Yah!
Wow.
Ow!
You walking monster!
-Aah!
-Yah!
Hey. Do-jun.
can you walk? Come on.
-One!
-Two!
-Three!
-Yah!
What do we do?
Si-nae!
Oh!
Oh. sweet darling. are you okay?
Si-nae!
Yah!
How does it feel?
Kinda like the carnival. huh?
You like the big rides?
-Yeah. get up. You can do it. Come on!
-Get away from me!
-Dookie-gang. don't be upset.
-Ugh!
-I thought we were good friends.
-You fucking prick!
Stop clinging to my leg like a barnacle!
I'm sorry.
You're my white whale. Guess who I am?
You lunatic!
Come on.
Have you had enough?
Stop. Mercy!
Someone help!
-Choong-sik!
-We're here. buddy!
Hold him!
Thank God I trained in judo!
And twist it.
Your handcuffs!
Freedom's over.
You're going to jail again.
Good job! You saved the day!
-And Yeon-ju?
-Oh. Where is she?
Oh. she's hiding not too far.
Thank you. A-ra.
-Are you hurt?
-You okay?
Huh?
-Hey. where's Do-jun? His wife?
-What?
Where did they go?
Wait. wait. wait!
Hey. who are you guys?
That's my boat! Hey. stop! Stop!
-Where's Yeon-ju?
-They have to be somewhere.
Son of a bitch!
Do-jun!
-Are you sure that's them?
-Whose boat is that?
Oh. that boat. that boat!
No. Yeon-ju's on that boat!
-Oh. no! She's…
-What?
My poor baby! Min-seok!
What do we do? Yeon-ju!
Shit!
Keep it together!
What are you going to do?
-I don't fucking know!
-What do we do?
-Save Yeon-ju!
-But we have to save our daughter! Now!
They're getting away!
A-ra. don't worry. It's not your fault!
-I'm thinking of a plan. Just wait!
-What?
-There?
I should've
just swum after them.
Don't look down and you'll be fine.
This might be a bit small. It's Yeon-ju's!
Listen. you're really an expert at this?
Uh… You've done this. like. many times?
Why? Are you scared?
Who. me? Why would you say that?
I'm not scared at all!
All right. here we go. One! Two!
Whoa. whoa. wait a second!
Just let me catch my breath.
You should've given me more time
to mentally prepare! Jesus Christ!
It's all in your head… Three!
Jump!
Are you okay?
Choong-sik! Choong-sik!
Uh…
Whoa. careful! Wait! Stop!
Calm down. Please! Stop moving!
Huh. what the hell?
Choong-sik! Wake up!
Stay still.
Stop moving. Deep breaths!
-Don't you want to save Yeon-ju?
-Aah!
Yeon-ju!
She needs my help.
I have to save my daughter!
Look. there.
-That's their boat! Get us closer.
-Got it!
Whoa!
Where should we go. sweetheart?
Anywhere is fine. as long as I'm with you.
Quiet. they'll hear us.
We'll take them by surprise.
-No one will come after us. right?
-Ah. who would come after us?
That narcotics detective.
How's he gonna cross the water?
Is he supposed to swim?
Or fly? Flap. flap?
Whoa!
What the hell? You scared me. Who are you?
-Yeon-ju!
-Yeon-ju?
What's this kid doing here?
Daddy?
-Daddy!
-Why is she looking for her dad...
Daddy!
Yeon-ju! We're here!
We're going to save you!
-Come here. you punk!
-Whoa…
Ugh. you stubborn jerk!
You actually flew here?
Justice always wins.
The bad guys always get caught!
Don't you dare
lay a finger on my husband!
Ah!
Don't you dare
lay a finger on my friend!
lay a finger on my dad!
Next up is Yeon-ju.
from class four. grade two.
The theme is "Another Kind of Family."
-Good luck.
-Hey!
-Don't distract her.
-Will you stop?
Hello. My name is Yeon-ju.
I have two dads. So. I'm twice as happy.
-One dad has a killer smile.
-Well. it goes to show you.
-The other is gentle and kind.
-Apart or not. family is family.
-That's true.
-Hmm.
-Both of them love me a lot.
-Sharing moments is all that matters.
Every Friday.
it was different at first.
But that's okay.
-Disgusting! How could you fart in here?
-No. I…
-It stinks!
-It wasn't me. I swear!
-You guys are crazy.
-I'd never do that in public.
-Cover the smell with these.
-Asshole.
-All right. smile…
-Oh. hold on.
It'd be nice to get
a picture with Choong-sik.
Oh. right. Uh. where did he go?
-He was. uh… right here a second ago.
-Huh.
Hmm!
I'm curious about something.
Why'd you get divorced?
'Cause I snore.
Oh! I snore like a chainsaw.
Loudly?
I use the strips. so it's fine now.
Also… is it true
what Yeon-ju said about you?
In her speech. she said
you have a hell of a killer smile.
I don't know. It's pretty lethal.
and I don't want you to get hurt.
Try me.
HUSBANDS IN ACTION
MRS. KIM YONG-GANG
So. what did you say
my husband is up to?